{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Sections \'96 TopNav, SplitHero\
\
**TopNav**\
-- Logo: Bird icon aligned to the top-left corner. Render using an image or inline SVG. Acts as branding and does not appear clickable.\
-- Navigation Links: "THEMES", "PACKAGES", "BLOG", "HELP" rendered in uppercase with even spacing, likely using flex layout. Align horizontally, centered or right-aligned.\
-- Login Button: Rounded dark-pill shaped button labeled "LOGIN" aligned to the far-right. Use routerLink placeholder to route to the login page, user can configure later.\
\
**SplitHero**\
-- Layout: Two equal-width horizontal divs using flex or grid layout.\
-- Left Half:\
   - Background: Solid red-pink color (#EB5B5A approx).\
   - Centered Text: "The combination of great design and diligent app development." Rendered in white text, large, with line breaks. Center-align both horizontally and vertically.\
   - CTA Button:\
     - Label: "VIEW THEMES"\
     - Style: Outlined white button with rounded edges\
     - Behavior: Add placeholder routerLink to navigate to a themes page. User can define the route later.\
\
-- Right Half:\
   - Background: White\
   - Avatar Image: Circular image of a hummingbird's face. Decorative purpose.\
   - Tagline Text: "We make sleek and modern designs for your business."\
     - Style: Word "sleek" and "modern" highlighted in pink (#EB5B5A), rest is dark gray. Font is clean sans-serif.\
     - Align: Vertically centered below the image\
\
-- Divider Element:\
   - Centered on screen: Stylized bird shape that splits both panels\
   - Left Wing: Filled with HTML/CSS code as texture\
   - Right Wing and body: Realistic photo illustration\
   - Use as visual metaphor (no interaction)\
\
Notes:\
-- This design works well with TailwindCSS or plain CSS Grid.\
-- Add media queries for responsiveness on smaller screens.\
-- Include hover styles for buttons and nav links for accessibility.\
}